Company Background
MetalWorx began in 1969, and is headquarterd in Kenosha, Wisconsin. We are a producer of machined and ready-to-assemble aluminum
castings to a growing list of customers worldwide.

MetalWorx is dedicated to customer satisfaction and building long-term relationships. We work with customers to first define their needs
and then provide a high-quality, cost effective solution. We constantly work to improve our products and services to meet our customers
evolving needs.

Our staff can also collaborate with you to develop effective, efficient casting designs. We add value to the process by integrating our in-house machining skills with outside services to provide ready-to-assemble components.

Home Page
MetalWorx Manufacturing Company is your metal machining partner. We are an industry leader in machined and ready-to-use
aluminum castings.

For over 30 years, we have specialized in high quality, customer-oriented service and durable products. Contact us for more information
about our products and services, or speak to one of our engineers.

We have a list of products and castings for you to review. We can also custom-build any component to meet your specific needs.

Thank you for visiting.

About Us
MetalWorx began in 1969, and is headquarterd in Kenosha, Wisconsin. We are a producer of machined and ready-to-assemble aluminum
castings to a growing list of customers worldwide.

MetalWorx is dedicated to customer satisfaction and building long-term relationships. We work with customers to first define their needs
and then provide a high-quality, cost effective solution. We constantly work to improve our products and services to meet our customers
evolving needs.

Our staff can also collaborate with you to develop effective, efficient casting designs. We add value to the process by integrating our in-house machining skills with outside services to provide ready-to-assemble components.

Machining
MetalWorx Manufacturing offers a wide variety of machining services, including:
-	Complete builds
-	Re-tooling
-	Minor re-work
-	Castings

We can assist your company with machine selection, setup, and troubleshooting. Our engineers have over 100 years of experience building and maintaining manufacturing equipment.

Contact us today to speak with one of our engineers about a solution for your business.

Contact Us
Contact us now for your metal manufacturing needs.

MetalWorx Manufacturing Company
122 West Main Street, Kenosha, WI, 53140
Toll free: 800-800-80000
engineering@metalworx.com

Visit us on Twitter and Facebook. (Insert Twitter and Facebook icons.)

Products
MetalWorx Manufacturing Company develops products to serve the following industries:

-	Industrial
-	Automotive
-	Aerospace
-	Commercial airline
-	Hydraulic
-	Plumbing
-	Commercial shipping

Our products are of the highest quality. We develop over 100,000 parts per month and have the capability to create custom pieces to meet
any customer’s needs. Our facility is ISO certified, ensuring the highest level of safety and quality for our customers.

Contact us now to speak to one of our engineers about a product to meet your business needs.

Castings
MetalWorx Manufacturing Company collaborates with our customers to develop effective, efficient casting designs. Our focus is on completing the development process by adding value and integrity.

By leveraging our in-house casting skills we are able to provide ready-to-assemble components in a shorter period of time than other
companies in our industry. That means you are up and running faster, and servicing your customers at a higher level.

Contact us now to speak to one of our engineers about our high quality casting services.